Gwenevere Abriel: Justin Alan Williams, aka Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me and see me okay Everything's in sync.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you. Yet let me check on your audio. I think you got your mute MIA mia MIA mia
Gwenevere Abriel: Testing, testing 123
Jay: You hear me.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when when we're done.
Jay: Yeah, I lost all the I lost all the numbers for the admissions to the way around. I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't lost them. They're in your recovery journal
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that way back when we wrote them all down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's why I did it because y'all we break them we lose them. They stolen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change our numbers data plan last
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes you gotta go old school paper and pen.
Jay: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's why I do it. Y'all think I'm nuts and I won't say
Jay: Missions words like write that one down. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the virtual clinic that is 408-486-4762. Do you have the, the actual telephone number for Braveheart if something really go sideways.
Jay: No, I don't. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so put BHA for heart health, and then it is 84488 whoops.
Jay: Hello, was the 844
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't yeah we actually was. I'm gonna get lost in all these numbers. Yes, that is correct those first three numbers aren't 844 t
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Jay: 8842
Gwenevere Abriel: And then 4474
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did that already was so good even early huh huh
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good student today. Um, so we've got those. Yay. And so well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, what am I doing. Oh, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you get any fights.
Jay: Know I broke up with my girlfriend, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you don't make it with anybody, we're talking about, yo.
Jay: I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: She didn't break up but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this, is this the first time you've ever done this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your
Jay: First time I've walked away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what was it couldn't take anymore. What was it
Jay: Well I, I was expecting that she was cheating on me with her ex, the one that I got in a fight with
Jay: Yeah. And after that fight that really threw everything into perspective for me so I kind of said, well, she fell for it.
Jay: That's history.
Looks
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: This whole time she's been trying, she was really accountable with Facebook trying to contact me and I wasn't you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying she's still trying to get back with you.
Jay: Know, before that she was trying to set me up.
Jay: Make sure we could create different profiles with different girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she that's getting complicated
Jay: She has crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Complicated that's very complicated. Yeah, I can't track all that
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me think about how I mean when we're in a relationship, it's hard enough to navigate what I'm supposed to do feel saying communicate and then I got it. Like, I can't even trust that they're not trying to get me less too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't track on that.
Jay: As well. I walked away. I'm like, I'm cool. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's interesting, though, even though you walked away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can still hurt.
Jay: Yeah hurts my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why that is. You are the breaker over but you're hurting. Do you know why.
Jay: Because of the situation, the way she went down.
Gwenevere Abriel: The cheating. The How dare she do it kind of thing.
Jay: Yeah. Like, come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're eating. Can I eat too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can always tell me know if you find it inappropriate but I am so hungry. I just
Jay: Whenever it comes if I don't eat.
Jay: Dinner, it'll go away and I won't be able to eat because I keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You gotta go with it. Do it. When the hungers present. Well, it's 316 for me over here and I haven't had a bite. So I'm really hurting
Jay: Or yeah, go ahead. You go
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll have a little meal, what you mean.
When
Gwenevere Abriel: I got to look up and see if a pickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a fruit. If it has the the good fermented effect. I gotta look that up because I love pickles and this is same as eating that nasty cabbage relish Kabuki crap. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I love pickles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pickles. Pickles, are they
Gwenevere Abriel: Considered
Jay: My mom hates them.
Jay: My mom and my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: More for you. That's great.
Jay: Well for me, let me show you the George
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, nice. Costco size.
Jay: Them off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's growing interest in the documented health. Listen to this. So there's a growing interest in documented health benefits of fermented food that's why I'm bringing this topic up because you got all kinds of gastrointestinal stuff with you. Right.
Jay: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm talking about it and it's like a really trendy cool thing to to be mindful of what we're our gut brain access our gut biome microbiome, we're learning more and more about it. So there's growing interest in the documented.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, health benefits are fermented foods like sauerkraut kimchi yogurt and can boot up some fermented foods are pickled and some pickles are fermented
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, wait a minute. Well, which pickles on what
Jay: We're all fermented
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know where this made it sound like they all are all the same. All pickles are not the same.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A pickle is simply a food that's been preserved in a brine a salt or salty water or an acid like vinegar or lemon juice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the difference between fermenting and pickling
Jay: Vinegar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay well
Jay: With water. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So a fermented food has been preserved and transformed by benign bacteria. That's what we want. We want the good bugs in our guts. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what we want. So when you're looking at that, that bottle you just had. I want to look in there. So usually, this means that the sugars and carbohydrates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Present in the food have been eaten by the good bacteria often lack this lactic acid bacteria. The bacteria then convert the sugar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into other substances like acids carbon dioxide and alcohol for the last one of those substances in term preserve the food and add to its flavor. So when we eat say kimchi it you consume the flourishing colony of good bacteria that has preserved the cabbage for you circle of life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you know we just said that a pickle is just a food that's been preserved with Brian Well, many fermented foods. Start with exactly that Brian
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're also pickled fermented pickles sauerkraut, for instance, is made by packing cabbage was salt and letting it ferment traditional dill pickles are made by fermenting cucumbers in salty water.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if that one's really fermented
Jay: When did it.
Jay: When did it become vinegar.
Jay: Because my grandma used to pick up everything and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you have a choice. So it says traditional there might be pickling pickled pillows. I don't know, I just, I don't know, traditional
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't pick dill pickles are made by fermenting cucumbers and salty water Kim, she can be made with a bunch of delicious things like cabbage radish garlic anchovy and chili but salt is the essential
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do traditional dill pickles and sauerkraut tastes so tart. If they're not made with vinegar. One of the substances bacteria produced during fermentation is acid. That means that many fermented food end up tasting very acidic, AND WE WANT THAT WANT IT WANT IT WANT IT
Jay: They said with this movie ID 19 that the acidic foods and helps to fight it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but do you see that it's not directly the acidic food. It's probably the gut. Watch this happy. It's got the budget lights.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's got this fabulous bacteria. And it's like, oh sorry, and it's creepy best and we're continuing to feed that bacteria with
Gwenevere Abriel: raw cabbage and Brussels sprouts and all of the things that it needs to live on. And then we have a happy guy. We have a happy gut our immune system works better. And guess what, asked, we get to kick corona.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I see it all all circle of life right there.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All starts with a good book. So I'm check that pickle jar and see if it's got i don't know i'm still don't get the Pickles. Pickles, a pickle, but
Jay: Ingredients cucumber water.
Jay: Alone.
Jay: Natural flavoring.
Jay: benzo
Jay: sorbet.
Jay: Yeah, preservatives.
Jay: 360 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not all pickles are fermented exclamation mark.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can also make pickles by pouring pot vinegar over vegetables those quick pickles, which include many commercial varieties are usually not fermented
Gwenevere Abriel: For instance, you would never think of sauerkraut sourdough bread or beer or yogurt as a pickle. Not all from in foods or you know what you lose me I'm getting lost here with this.
Was this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Best Made sour pickles.
Jay: bowl of cereal real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way the best pickles. Let me see something these fermented pickles are just sour enough to taste like a pickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I looked up yours. I couldn't find out if it was fermented or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
No, I couldn't tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I like those French tiny ones those are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, there's a lot of variety out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing a lot of talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a lot of eating.
Jay: This thing has a little QR reader.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah, I don't know if it does you any good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, oh, oh, you mean I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, Oh, that's funny that does me no good. Yeah, I'm not a target scanner.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I looked, I looked up your brand and just didn't talk within information. But the bottom line is, yes, fermented foods, who want to keep our eye out for that. And we want to be eating the raw vegetables, not in and of itself, but they feed the healthy bacteria.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a little Zoo going on in there.
Jay: That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel bad for the transcription is right now she's gonna be like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pig.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they talked about me.
Jay: One of those demons.
Jay: It's not Monday. Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: My weeks go by so fast. If you said listen
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Monday, I'd be like, all right, I'll see you on Tuesday. That's fine. So yeah, I'll see you on Tuesday. Because it goes by, like this, you'll
Jay: Lose your days.
Jay: I thought we were still in the intimate merchants to be
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you. I
Jay: Somebody asked what day or
Jay: Would you grab my phone. I was like, I think it's like the 28th. And they looked at me, how stupid I was like
Jay: Was a Family Dollar. He was funny.
Jay: There was like 12 people in line. So they all laughed at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't get
Gwenevere Abriel: Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get more, you know, professional for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of my teeth and be professional now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we meeting or meeting. What time is it over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are one ish
Gwenevere Abriel: Ish.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that people do. And I know. And I just want to play around with this idea with you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't start a romantic relationship for a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you said, what if there are things about myself that I don't know what if there's healing that needs to be done in order for me to attract another healthy person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if a recognize my boundaries, my limitations easier if I do the work for them randomly saying a year it's random somewhat
Gwenevere Abriel: But I could do this work and then I'll go visit this idea, then I'll have done the work I'll have this other thing to share to another human being and it might turn out better
Jay: Hey,
Jay: I might be going back to prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me that. Tell me about your concern there. What makes you think that
Jay: I'm a three time offender. Now, this is my third time in so they're going to try to max me out. They maxed out last time. My second and so
Jay: They offered me nine and a half years, the other day.
Jay: And it's just for that check with my sister.
Jay: But they're trying. They're trying to screw me
Jay: It's because of my past because I have a record.
Jay: So, I mean, that's what I'm facing if I lose. I mean, I'm facing 18 and a half years. But there's been on a journey and the Mexico. That's going to give me 18 and a half years for checks, but
Jay: The nine and a half years. They're crazy, even if I lose. I think they'll give me four years, and I'll have to do to. That's what I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say nine and a half years. As if. Hey, can I go get some Syria, would you mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's not the same. I feel like sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm been listening to you, you are sick, like you're physically sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, I hope that doesn't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some assets. Some evidence some positives.
Gwenevere Abriel: That could be present in that courtroom.
Jay: My sister is going to go until she's gonna take the stand and you know if my attorney. Ask the right questions. That's what we're worried about is, is he can ask the right questions.
Jay: If he asked the right questions to my sister and her husband.
Jay: Then they'll dismiss the charges. I guarantee it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's an attorney worse or the opposing counsel.
Jay: Know mine.
How does
Gwenevere Abriel: Your attorney not ask the right questions. What kind of dodo bird doesn't ask what you want them to
Jay: Win. I've been doing this for a lot of lot of years and I've seen a lot of crazy stuff.
Jay: Really Yeah, they'll trade me off for the next case just because I'm a three time offender. They'll trade me off in and let me be guilty.
Jay: Just so that they can
Jay: Get a win on the next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out. Oh my gosh, that's so ugly.
Jay: I've seen it. I've been
Jay: To happen last time I should have only got four years. Last time, and they gave me 16
Jay: And that's because I signed a plea and the DA talk to judge into giving me
Jay: 16 easy
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's my first thought when I heard that and you take it where you want
Gwenevere Abriel: How easy is it to do that to a person to a man
Gwenevere Abriel: When there's few eyes on the case, how much easier is it to for you to be a number for this fellow, or this gals caseload to look like this, or they get well I'll this guy is a loser. Anyway, screw them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get them out to me. But this one's a first time offender. Now this one, please just get probation. So if the eyes were on your case my eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people's eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How likely is it that this attorney would misrepresent you
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it more eyes on their more pressured to do the right thing. You see that. Do you agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do so I'm fed right now. That's what I'm thinking about. I'm just like, this is like some sun Sentinel shit like I'd be like, I want to call the paper. You know what I mean, like, that's where my mind's going
Gwenevere Abriel: I think about I think about how when kids are pulled into
Gwenevere Abriel: The social system, you know, the like department children and families. You guys see why FD you pull them in one of the things they kind of look at is they go
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they out in the community. Are they in sports to other people see these children, and do they see how that child is doing their eyes they check. They do collateral information.
Gwenevere Abriel: As part of what they do for their investigation and all of a sudden I started to think about you, right, then I was like, maybe this guy might do the right thing. If he knew they were eyes on the case.
Jay: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know who those eyes are but just let that sit in that big brain years just be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it out, this wouldn't be the time for shame for investment up
Gwenevere Abriel: We want pressure on do the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not a lost cause I'm a man. I'm a human.
Jay: rights attorney seems like he's willing to
Jay: To fight for me.
Jay: But
Jay: I don't know, I've been fooled before
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what is your sister getting on the stand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how is it that if your sister knew
Gwenevere Abriel: How to redirect the conversation she couldn't squeeze in the information she needed said out loud.
Jay: Oh, she's gonna try
Jay: We we've talked about it with my lawyer, we've we've tried to, you know, get a game plan going because
Jay: You know, my sister went to the PD and asked to drop the charges after she found out that it was me a folder that it would have to go to court.
Jay: And they would be able to just dismiss it at my first quarter. Well, we went. They didn't dismiss it. The bounded over the district, you know, facing all this time.
Jay: So if my attorney asked him, you know if if you guys were home and he asked to borrow the money would you lend it to her. She's going to tell them. Yeah.
Jay: You know I'm saying, and then he's gonna ask him, did he pay you back and my sister is going to say yes he paid me back. You know what I mean.
Jay: So, it
Jay: It was $120
Jay: But it was yeah I bought a floor jack for my trunk. I was working on my truck. They were in Florida, and I couldn't reach them. So they have let me use their checks before
Jay: So I went and I got a check and I went by the floor jack. Well, the ticket. I took was from an account. That was my brother in law that they were no longer using
Jay: They didn't know that those checks were in the same cabinet. So I just grabbed the checkbook. You know what I mean, I didn't look at them. I didn't. And it was a new one. So I got the first. Rock top and I put it back and
Jay: Here I am, a year and a half later facing challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do over what would you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to do over what would you do differently.
Jay: Wait until they go when I got a hold of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you might lose your truck might lose a job.
Jay: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We think about it. Would you the job.
Jay: I'm facing lose a lot of years of my life over this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I put it like I did because you right back then you have that choice. You made a decision would you make the same decision you know any
Gwenevere Abriel: Job. Do you still have that job still have that, like, well, then
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't get years back we can't get those back, we can get another job.
Jay: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a reasonable question that someone might ask how to do it differently. Tell me the logic. How would you what belief system. What moral sort of space, would you be referencing what what belief. Are you are you referencing now now instead of back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think knowing that might be important case you're asked
Jay: Well, I mean, I've never, I don't know how to explain it with my family. I've never been afraid to to not steal from them.
Jay: I don't know how I don't know how to see it.
Jay: Like I'll take the initiative, you know anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so like
Jay: If something needed to get done. My mom used to leave $50 on the on the counter and I was in charge of going in, you know, my whole life. That's how it was. So if I needed to do something. I don't got the money. Okay.
Jay: You haven't been doing, I'ma go get your checkbook. They own businesses. So it's not unusual for them to give me a credit card.
Jay: Or check
Jay: A check book cash to go and run errands for them, you know, I'm saying
Jay: So whenever I
Jay: Whenever I was doing all that it didn't occur to me that. Oh shit, I'm stealing from my sister no barn 120 books because you guys were out of town. I paid you back. It seems PG back and that was my plan. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do family, your family system normalized
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can take money without asking permission and you give it back. And you can use it for things that whatever your family normalized were acceptable. You had a normalization of certain you just explained it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then this was just one along the lines of a lot of them. Yeah, I say it.
Jay: Gives me her credit card. You know what I mean, that's what I'm seeing how is it stealing when you. You know what I mean.
Jay: I didn't steal your
Jay: Idea me the most.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did brother in law know about the family norm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it, that's the piece that's missing is the it like I if I entered your family system. I'm like, that's a chart and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's, he's working you heat right I wouldn't know I because I don't know the years, or you just did. And I have a piece of that. I know what that is, it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna ask me, you know, I keep $50 right there. Just take it. Go, go, go get your little taco whatever I handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they already know they're going to go, they go to now they're not gonna nobody that house. But, you know, before they would go. Um, but did brother in law know the family norm.
Jay: See, I don't think so. I think that's where everything went south for me. Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: didn't even think
Gwenevere Abriel: Snap, you know, maybe, maybe he you know he's home and it's just not consciousness to think like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible is just as likely as the impossible. Just keep keep
Gwenevere Abriel: You have served time for crimes. Just keep that positive manifestation, because the other way. You already know is this miserable life, you might as well live with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what it's like. This is how I meet yet again uncertainty discomfort somebody having something over me. This is how I need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to have some quality of life. I've got to make meaning out of this, even though even though this isn't really unpleasant environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So so interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is definitely bringing something up for me. I won't share it. But I know what a false accusation is and I know what torment. It can cause
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unacceptable, it can get really wiped out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to things we can focus on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what this moment right here. If we're not thinking about this unknown in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get back to this little five second moment this 10 second moment we can be very, very, very, very present with it. So your skill in really staying focused in a communication with someone really appreciating the pickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sunset.
Gwenevere Abriel: A rift of music. Any sense and
Gwenevere Abriel: Down.
Jay: The mess it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's see.
That side I'm right.
Jay: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The the the practice of really, really immersing yourself in moments right are going to probably be quite important in this journey moving forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not getting lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this hypothesis about calm and how bad it's going to be an item desert. Soon as you go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we stay here we say I have got to have minute after minute after minute I'm either learning something new, having meaningful important encounters with people. I need to be completely present
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to because that's how I'm going to hold on to minute and then another minute past and I was like, hey, I'm kind of happy that last minute, I was kind of happy, what do you know, even with all this shit going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a life worth living.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because none of us really do know.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it's all going to just be a mess. We don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Each of us could be really fixated on that unknown.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to sound like I'm being naive like you don't get it, lady. Like, I can't take it. Like, I don't want to come across naive about it but
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you read Victor frankel's book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know who he is. No. Okay, I'm gonna pull him up here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Viktor Frankl
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna show you, he so Victor and meal Frankel F RA n, k, l was an Austrian neurologist and psychiatrist, as well as a Holocaust survivor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if I can get some of these
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's just look it will get a little body body splashing it okay so that we get some meaning behind my light and fluffy way of saying it. I mean, it doesn't get much worse than that does it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean in a concentration camp and how he. So this book is really about how he makes meaning still
Gwenevere Abriel: In that miserable environment. So here's just little blips right
Gwenevere Abriel: I use this one like daily this thing right here. I love this between stimulus and response there is space that space is our power to choose our response in our response was our growth and our freedom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can choose
Gwenevere Abriel: To find the irony, I can find the humor. I can find the beauty. Why, because I don't want to waste a minute of my life. That's why, because these are my minutes
Jay: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: No kidding. But this guy like he's not full of it. Okay, he's speaking, having lived through a concentration camp. That's just so powerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do recommend if you're going to read a book to get you sort of among this sort of empire of powerful minds and strength of people that know firsthand what it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: To sort of have to coexist with this abyss of uncertainty that you're having to live with this man might just be the ticket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's not full of it. He's got street cred, for sure.
Jay: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there is a meaning in life at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then there must be a meaning and suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Suffering is an ear radical part of life, even as fate and death.
Gwenevere Abriel: without suffering and death.
Gwenevere Abriel: Human life cannot be complete.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think about that. What does this make you think about this one. I had a little thought about that one would it make you think about
Which one
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, let me see if I can. I'm kind of 123 third one.
Jay: Okay, I was
Jay: I was zoomed in reading them one by one.
Jay: There's a meaning in life at all. There must be a meaning and suffering suffering isn't in a radical
Jay: Part of life.
Jay: Even as fate and death without suffering and death human life cannot be complete.
Jay: Like, basically, that's your purpose you live long enough to complete your group isn't go
Gwenevere Abriel: But along the way. LOOK AT HE SAYS THERE MUST BE meaning and suffering, Jay. Are you suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yes, you are. You do you make meaning of it as in
Gwenevere Abriel: What, like what meaning you make out of your suffering. This is the critical pivotal point on whether you're going to have a happy peaceful day or not.
Jay: The only thing that I know that's ever helped me is to find meetings to go to find some volunteer work and find somebody who's gonna listen to your stories and maybe, you know, find somebody who need your help, because it always feels good to help somebody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. So
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You can find in the moment that the very thing I need is peace reassurance and comfort and you can't you can't find it in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go give it to another.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's amazing how it comes back the very thing I need, and I can't, I can't seem to even generate for myself and walk outside
Gwenevere Abriel: I go and I give it, guess what, in order for you to have given it you have had to have had it to begin with. It just comes right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I have meaning I'm getting back to, to look at the reaction. Look how much and now we're lost, we're not thinking about this other stuff. And right here. We're in this moment. I think that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you set up over these coming months, right, you set that up to make sure that's happening or have you been kind of been doing what you usually do, and haven't been volunteering haven't been going to meetings and share your story in connecting with people, what has really been happening.
Jay: I really have
Jay: I mean, I hope when I can like with my family and stuff. And with my friends if they call me they need my help. Yeah.
Jay: Yeah I don't go looking for it.
Jay: They don't have meetings here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Jay: Whatever else in the world and
Gwenevere Abriel: I brought up internet, I said you guys don't have excuses anymore. It's online.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go a I could type in na
Gwenevere Abriel: Online fellowship 12 steps you get, I always did. You weren't in that group that day. I don't think maybe and there okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's horrible. It's horrible.
Jay: It's nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too bad.
Jay: I enjoy going to meetings. I like to go. I like to get my chips you know your your week tip your month to, you know, to me, I like, stuff like that. I like to go drink the coffee.
Jay: I mean,
Jay: You chat before you chat afterwards you get to meet people, you know, it's hard to do that over the Internet, especially when you're 100 miles away.
Jay: You know, because only thing on my mind before and after the meeting is either trying to find work or, you know, why else you can talk to make friends.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Jay: And they don't have that.
Jay: They have, but they have a thing. It's called a
Jay: Oh man, I can't think of it now.
Jay: And anyway.
Jay: Everybody in town. It's on parole, probation have to go. I don't have to go
Jay: Cuz I'm trying
Jay: I'm trying to avoid all those people that I was in.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, yeah.
Jay: I got I got Jordan. I got my job wrote two years ago so much. I was just like, as long as you're clean, then I don't care. He's like stay clean. Don't give me no more. Do you do you, as
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, you're on, you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your insurances Medicaid hundred percent right you don't pay no copay coming in these groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so it's no big deal for you. Maybe you attend more by groups, maybe you go to more, maybe you see someone that you relate to and instead of doing it while you're driving you do it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really lean into it and you put it, you gotta work harder because it's the tele health because we can hardly even look at each other. It does take more effort for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: But good. It's going to take concentration, it'll get out of the words, the mind and maybe you can get back in there, sharing a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, it was this for me, boy. It was that for me. And hey, I'm here on purpose. I'm on my third group.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see some kid like right or some adult. This is stupid. Why you guys coming at me with all this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Just give you my pill and just shish right something you say something with your lived experience might touch someone in a way that they
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I should take this more seriously, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anyone ever do that for you when they said you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about what you're doing here, buddy.
Jay: Yeah, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're at sunken
Jay: Know, I've always had to go through it figured out a more dated
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you heard you're welcome to attend more groups, you can just text me. Do you have another one. You can go. I'm really different meaning. We're all different. So the different therapists are going to have very different styles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of them are more
Gwenevere Abriel: didactic they'll just sort of share information, others are doing more meditative things they might start
Gwenevere Abriel: Dominate does that hers is very mindful, so she might think I haven't been to one of our groups, but I know clients that random they might do my meditation, right. So that might be kind of cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to learn about what you like maybe learning closer and closer to
Gwenevere Abriel: Why like myself this way or what comes up when it in the quiet space. Now I like the Twitter chat or maybe you like it quiet. You know, so you could kind of switch it up and attend different ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't want to lose you from my home group. I want to keep you in my home group who want to keep seeing you. It's a good way for me to say, well, how is he, with other people that can kind of watch
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that kind of thing.
Jay: But I just want to make sure you make me
Jay: Good your, you want to make me a schedule real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. So you have of course Monday at nine and then you have Monday at one
Gwenevere Abriel: And then early bird is 7am on Tuesday.
And I
Jay: Hola Monday and nine. That's the one I go to more money.
And there's also
Jay: A new one because I'm trying to work like
Jay: Let's do Wednesday. Can I do like Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the challenge with Wednesdays I don't happen to offer on it and you on Wednesday. But I, I can track down other people have to text you on that one. But there are, there's like a lot on Wednesdays, that you could go to for
Jay: Sign one fruit every other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it. That's a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, just so you know, Tuesday has a 7am Tuesday on for have a brand new what I'd love to have in
Gwenevere Abriel: April 21 is a brand new group. We've already got some people in it. Some people that have been here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is at noon. So 1221 at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll get you the stuff for Wednesday. There's stuff at 130 there's stuff in the evenings, so I can get those for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Thursday at 11am and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to learn today.
Jay: Friday at 12pm Tuesday. We're not gonna do it Monday, Wednesday. Okay.
So let me go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me go
Gwenevere Abriel: Into slack here. I wish I had a different name it always sounds so weird. When I say that it's an email program. And I'm going to ask them what all the groups are right now. Okay. So, Angelina, what are the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time you
Take
Gwenevere Abriel: On wed Nescafe gaze.
Gwenevere Abriel: To conform and client.
Gwenevere Abriel: This to review this is the big takeaway from this, from this author from this gentleman that live through this
Gwenevere Abriel: Am
Gwenevere Abriel: In screenshot of to if you want to put on your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be taken from a man, but one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this the last of human freedoms and it's to choose. It's actually this is to choose one's own attitude I can choose
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, no matter what I take away. You still get to choose how you make meaning out of that moment, I cannot. I can try to persuade you. I can do my best to piss you off. I can try to discuss you make you angry and sad. But guess what, you still have a right
Gwenevere Abriel: To the meaning you make out of that moment. How do I want to feel right. Now, why do I want to be thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: In any circumstances to choose your own way locked up not locked up plenty of people are not locked up and they act like they are
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can be locked up and be the most free man.
Jay: That's a good one.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to argue with that truth telling in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Jay: Yeah, I'm almost done.
Jay: I got it.
Jay: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about some skills, what what you're remembering what you're not remembering um
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some hurt feelings. Right. Some heartache, in a sense, from from this betrayal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see how you could use this quote
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this incident. This circumstance. How can you decide how you want to feel what you want to interpret focus in meaning. How do you want to be around this betrayal.
Jay: I don't want it to divine light. I don't want to keep me down anymore. I don't want to, because every relationship had me feeling like I was doing something wrong. You know me.
Jay: And I can't fix somebody else that's
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you, at times, because I have a little snapshot of some of the interactions with you and your mother. So I always have in my mind. I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ended up drawing into your life, someone who does something similar, which is says you know that's not true. What you're saying what. No, that didn't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: They deny your reality. And so I wonder if you keep drawing people in that say, You're crazy. That's not how it is.
Jay: And it's crazy to say that
Jay: I wish I could show you all the texts in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: I'm the one
Gwenevere Abriel: No you're not.
Jay: You. I put
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Jay: Go ahead. Go. I put a thing on Facebook. The other day that said a fan. I forgot what we're talking about. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are made to feel crazy because then she does not have to be accountable what she does what she says behind all that chaos and she creates with all that. Oh, you're, you're insane. That's what I said. That's why you thinking about it like that. Let them have
Gwenevere Abriel: Behind there. She can do whatever. There's
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it sounds familiar. It looks the same as a piece of a story you shared with you and your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you end up being the bad guy, you're the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: When really all you were doing was trying to help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So in that relationship. It's the same phenomenon, you are left to either go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: use drugs.
Jay: Drugs, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Or get to live in an opt out of course that's what I'm selling here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that's what talking about little pieces about how do I recognize someone who's doing that to me. So I don't have date that person again. That's my mom up in there again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What date that same woman again because they don't start off saying saying no. You're insane. That's not true. They start off
Gwenevere Abriel: They read you very quickly. They know exactly would you
Gwenevere Abriel: Like they look so fantastic because they're playing. Yep, they're good, they're better at it than we are. They're good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we ask them questions we listen to their stories. That's something you want to hear a little bit about you telling me.
About
Gwenevere Abriel: How she she heard me talking about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe me, if everybody got a call. Every time I was talking about their mama.
Gwenevere Abriel: I only read it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm waiting for my kids to be like bringing me in a therapist office. Well, my mother used to bed that down. Like, okay, just go ahead and bring me in there with you because all my shit. I'm sorry I did you wrong. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someday My name is gonna be enough therapists office. I just know what
Jay: You think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I'm a pain in the ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Mom. I know it all. You know, well I know why you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want to find a little boundary poster. I think this is going to be candid and it. Where's my boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the other view.
Jay: All the cool. I was trying to tell you about is why are all a wire liars, the ones that are always popular in the ones that tell the truth or craziest folk
Jay: Put that on Facebook yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think telling the truth is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not vulnerable when you lie or you really know
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't there's no vulnerability. There's you're not getting to me by front.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you don't like me. I was frightened anyway. Like, that's nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when I say
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad or feel hurt or I'm really angry or disappointed or jealous or I'm scared I'm nervous.
Jay: Because me and her got together for like three weeks and then she went to jail for a month and a half.
Jay: She got out she's been out two months.
Jay: And the whole time. She was in there upstate with money on books I stayed answering the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: All for nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: No no no no no you learned now you either learn or you're going to get that same teacher, that's up to you.
Jay: I never learned that's my problem. I always try to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you said you learn the hard way. So you just got to get you a really dysfunctional woman really you can do been dabbling and dysfunction. You need to get you one just really borderline personality disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Antisocial Personality Disorder board members. That's a winner right there. That was going to ruin you.
Jay: The one I went to prison after it, she's the first one that was in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun times right there are some good stories with that one.
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: One bad enough, you haven't learned your lesson yet. You said I learned it the hard way. So maybe you're gonna wait for something even worse than
Jay: This girl wasn't on drugs. That's why I was trying so hard to keep it.
Jay: You know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know your bars pretty frickin low if the requirement is I'm a female. And I ain't doing drugs. Once you raise that bar a little bit
Jay: I don't have standards. I see people for who they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta, you gotta, you gotta say, Hey, you know. Wait, I hear you. I don't have standards and I'm sitting here trying to find my fancy little
Gwenevere Abriel: Boundary thing and my timings off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I get that. So, you know, you know, you don't write, you know, you can see what I see past
Gwenevere Abriel: I see past so much and I can see to people's hurt. I can see the the authentic self behind all the fronting, I can see it. And so it's confusing because you keep hoping that they'll show up the way you see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't
Jay: Never do
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on let me. I gotta do a search here. Hold on. Let's put healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how I labeled it there. It is just needed to do a search. Okay, um, we've got four minutes here. Time flies when you're eating kale pickles, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Let's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say this is definitely something that can take a lifetime. So I'm not trying to say, hey, this is just so easy. This is like you're talking about. I don't have standards. Well, here are a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you. I was throwing out this idea of consider
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe learning your standards, finding out what you'll tolerate where you really won't tolerate what behaviors, what things and then maybe start a romantic relationship if only
Gwenevere Abriel: To protect your recovery for no, nothing else.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to the rooms, you go find out if I'm full of it, but I bet they'll say something like that to you. I bet they'll say, once you get to a cactus or a cat. First, once you take care of a planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: That goes and then let's get into a romantic relationship. They're very complicated. They will pull out intense emotions like very few others can and it puts you in a vulnerable place if you don't have solid footing in recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: This I see a new a lot I we end this takes a whole, you know, we'll go over this again. But I just want to throw it up there in case you wanted to take a picture of it and think about it on your own. But this one right here. You don't tolerate abuse or disrupt your respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you tolerate a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not healthy for you, reinforces to this person and to our community and to a greater whole that the behavior is acceptable. It's not, but instead of a healthy boundary would be can have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopes of the other way around. You don't tolerate abuse and just respect that would be the healthy one. But the way you do it is to have a high tolerance, so you can put up with it again and again and again and again and again and again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you think in your mind. That's what love looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's something that you might run across. Remember how I was saying in my little role play earlier. I was like, you know, have this other person share their stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: What often happens, if we're getting hooked so quickly, like we're falling for someone so fast, it's because they're sharing their
Gwenevere Abriel: They're sharing or they're getting you to share their stories too fast. It's not. It's too soon. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, how do you, how do you trust Me with all of this intimate information. What makes me seem like a trip. Why are you sharing all this batch father, what he did to me why, tell me this, so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have I earned your trust. This can be a con someone sharing all that intimate stuff so so quickly, like, wait a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already know about me. I like to help people. You know, I'm gonna feel sorry if you know I like like that. I want to be needed. And I want to rescue you read me the first time you saw me. Okay. Wait I need to put a pin in this
Gwenevere Abriel: This is too soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't shared my stories. I haven't. I don't trust. Why am I hearing all of this into business for therapists to hear this stuff. Why so soon. Where's our first day.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're in a healthy boundary relationship we share. It's true. We do, we do share some of our stories, but we do it gradually
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We volley it back. Well, I did this and then we wait for their response. And then the other shares. It goes nice back and forth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In general, Jay, do you fall into a rescuer hero role.
Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: And other times what you fall into
Gwenevere Abriel: That triangle.
Jay: challengers
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a healthy one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they meet your challenge, and do they change.
Gwenevere Abriel: They step up.
Jay: That's what I got to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Then they step up or you just kind of keep going. Come on. You got this, you got everything just go, what's your problem. Why you saying I gotta do they step up and do the work.
Jay: Firstly, do
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay, takes time. That's how we develop trust. That's why it's slow. Yes, we want to be needed and loved right away. Yes, of course, that would be great. But the real stuff takes time. We watch we wait
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what this year might do, what will I be like if I am not distracted by the chaos of a romantic relationship, what will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's served you really well to not have to sit with other really uncomfortable things you didn't do it, you were doing it, probably on up for a reason. I don't think we humans do things for nothing. So I don't want to pull that away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say there's this nothing in its place. We're going to do the work, work through some of those trauma pieces. Okay, we'll have some desensitization. We'll do some reprocessing keep talking about it, then I have lunch with you, I promise we'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What time we meet again.
Jay: We're gonna
Jay: Have a group to the which will, and then it says April 10 at 10am. What is it about
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh let that one go. That was a I did some i don't know i someone brought that up to me to. They're like, you know, you have two people booked on that day. I'm like, Yeah, well, I think I just said something to Jay. Oh, I didn't mean now so
Gwenevere Abriel: You Got You Got group, you're going to get to go to her tomorrow and Dr. Solomon will be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, you'll have that same doctor can can check in at a you know 10 and gets kind of busy because there's also 130 60. A lot of people you might want to roll in early, you can check in early get that Bam Bam Bam Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're like, then we really do the real check in, you've already got your ID and you just pop right in right on time, because you've done it. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So yeah 10 is not real. We were meeting right now, we're good.
Okay.
Jay: April 1 at 12
Jay: Oh,
Jay: I got Monday at nine Wednesday we didn't find out yet Friday at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: How those are all groups that what I'm doing right now is I want to schedule on individual therapy. This is where I will hopefully be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Start to get into
Gwenevere Abriel: resourcing getting some of the see what have we done. We've done some of the the imagery pieces like think of preparation work and maybe we can start to get a target together for some reprocessing anyway. So let's pick a day. I'm assuming
Jay: For April 21 as a group.
Jay: Yeah, okay.
Jay: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't mean you have to go to that. That's kind of far out in the distance, let's let's work on next week.
Okay.
Jay: I have read it down. I thought it was a one on one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So his work for you because of what's going on. Is it feel like. Every day's a new like really don't know what your day is going to bring
Jay: Yeah, I've
Okay.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: I got that sense.
Jay: Moving so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I sing her then.
Gwenevere Abriel: She wants to later anyway. Why don't we do this, let's meet 11 o'clock on April 14 that's a Tuesday, April 14 at 11am nice right in the early morning, then I will sit down and we'll really zero in on on targeting
Gwenevere Abriel: For some of the reprocessing stuff. Okay.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you need anything, getting me to send a message to a doc or you work at all what
Jay: Know if you can tell ya, any medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't write that. But I'll tell you what i right and it might have the same effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have this is individual therapy. So we've got, who am I trying to share
Gwenevere Abriel: With you from this other name. I've got to tell people what's up just in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, attended
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had your medication today.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: He plans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow,
Gwenevere Abriel: Next seat is for 14 at what time
11am
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And then she can take now. Do you want me to mention. Do you know if you have, if you need any refills or anything for anything like a gamma Penton at quantity you need anything besides that the printer thing.
Jay: I don't think so. Together pin, probably because I only got a few
Jay: Only sent me a few
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if the if the bottle had a refill.
Jay: I don't have it on me. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll just mention um
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to say.
Jay: Okay.
Jay: I can go off into a group
Jay: I can hold on to a group. I think I haven't looked for
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious. Do you want a prescription of the Gabba pen.
Jay: Yes, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just write that. And he can do his doctor thing. Okay.
Jay: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your liking the effect of that medicine.
Jay: Yeah, it works good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams a day are you taking
Jay: The yellow capsules, I believe that 300 think
Gwenevere Abriel: It'd be good to now they come in either 100 I think or 300 be good to know. I think
Jay: For me, hundreds
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see a banana.
Jay: All right, thank you. Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye bye.